docs/README.md, before:

**typescript-template**

---

# typescript-template

Template Repository for TypeScript

## Repository Setup

1. Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and set Personal Access Token with `repo` access.
2. Run `npm run gh:apply-all` to update GitHub Repository Settings.
3. Set secrets on the GUI settings page (<https://github.com/{owner}/{repo}/settings/secrets/actions>).
    - `NPM_TOKEN`
        - Open <https://www.npmjs.com/settings/{your-user-id}/tokens> -> Generate New Token -> Classic Token -> Select `Automation` and generate.
        - Required for semantic-release to run npm publish
    - `SEMANTIC_RELEASE_GIT_PERMISSION_BOT_PRIVATE_KEY`
        - <https://github.com/apps/semantic-release-git-permission> -> App settings -> Generate a private key
        - Required for `@semantic-release/git` to perform a git commit to the main branch
    - `DEPENDABOT_AUTO_MERGE_BOT_PRIVATE_KEY`
        - <https://github.com/apps/dependabot-auto-merge-permissions> -> App settings -> Generate a private key

## Modules

- [entry-point](entry-point.md)
- [expect-type](expect-type.md)
- [globals](globals.md)

Commit message:

chore: add gh:backup-all command (#82)

docs/README.md, after:

**typescript-template**

---

# typescript-template

Template Repository for TypeScript

## Repository Setup

1. Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and set Personal Access Token with `repo` access.
2. Run `npm run gh:apply-all` to update GitHub Repository Settings.
3. Set secrets on the GUI settings page (<https://github.com/{owner}/{repo}/settings/secrets/actions>).
    - `NPM_TOKEN`
        - Open <https://www.npmjs.com/settings/{your-user-id}/tokens> -> Generate New Token -> Classic Token -> Select `Automation` and generate.
        - Required for semantic-release to run npm publish
    - `SEMANTIC_RELEASE_GIT_PERMISSION_BOT_PRIVATE_KEY`
        - <https://github.com/apps/semantic-release-git-permission> -> App settings -> Generate a private key
        - Required for `@semantic-release/git` to perform a git commit to the main branch
    - `DEPENDABOT_AUTO_MERGE_BOT_PRIVATE_KEY`
        - <https://github.com/apps/dependabot-auto-merge-permissions> -> App settings -> Generate a private key
    - `PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN`
        - The same value as `1.`
        - Required for `.github/workflows/backup-repository-settings.yml` to run

## Modules

- [entry-point](entry-point.md)
- [expect-type](expect-type.md)
- [globals](globals.md)
